Earlier this week, a video was released showing a girl being seriously, physically abused by another student at Luckhoff Highschool in Stellenbosch.Since then a second video has been released. The girl gets beaten up by another girl until the abuse is stopped by two other students who intervene. The Western Cape Education Department has started a full investigation into what&#8217;s been going on at the school, and released this statement: Respect for human dignity is one of the values enshrined in our constitution, and bullying is a denial of this. This is why the Western Cape Education Department (WCED) views bullying in a very serious light. We are aware of the second violent bullying video involving learners from Luckhoff Secondary School. The first incident reportedly took place on the 24th November and the second incident took place on the 28thNovember. Disciplinary hearings are scheduled for both incidents this week.The victim in the second video is receiving counselling.The second video was brought to the attention of our officials today (Tuesday 6thDecember). Our District Director and School Circuit Manager called an urgent meeting with Luckhoff School Management Team. The school acknowledged that they have behavioural challenges at the school and that running a punitive process as they have been, simply isn t working. It is evident that the school needs to plan for both medium and long term interventions to address the issue of bullying, and this is needed to be done in a holistic manner.Therefore the following steps were taken by the District in collaboration with a variety of stakeholders, in order to address bullying occurring in our schools and communities:It is crucial that the rights of learners are respected and protected and that learning environments are created where learners can, free from abuse, make full use of their learning opportunities. The WCED will work with the district and all roleplayers to ensure that the challenges at the school are addressed. The WCED s Safe Schools hotline is available to schools, teachers, parents and learners to report all school crime and abuse, and aims to contribute to a safe and crime-free school environment.The Safe Schools call centre can be reached at toll-free number 0800 45 46 47. Below is the second video. Source: https://www.facebook.com/angelmaritjie