Andile Mngxitama, the leader of Black Land First (BLF), posted on Facebook on Wednesday morning, saying that although the University of Cape Town student, Amnda Gwen Ngwenya had sold them out, she had made &#8220;her fake degrees work for her.&#8221;Ngwenya is a former DA Youth Leader, and has been under attack for taking a position against the Fees Must Fall protesters and their demands, as well as for calling for a vote of no confidence in the UCT Vice-Chancellor Max Price.She has been criticised for supporting the conservative position by those on the side of the Fallists and for betraying black people.She said she had been expecting to be called a house negro .She spoke out again regarding the &#8220;2 blacks&#8221; table situation earlier in this year.Mngxitama has released a tirade directed at Ngwenya saying she fooled the white education system.Mngxitama said &#8220;Amanda Ngwenya ke bosso! i think she must be condemned for selling us out but praised for fooling the white system. she did exceptionally well, she made her fake degrees work for her. You think white people degrees are authentic? think again! all white degrees are fake! think about it, you oppress a people, take their land, destroy their culture, kill their gods, force them to speak your language, trapped them in poverty, make them worry about fees, force a foreign curriculum on them and then turn around say its a meritocratic system? THINKING BLACK! [sic all]&#8221;Mngxitama says he always supports black people when they are attacked by white people, regardless of whether he likes them or agrees with their views.(Blatant racism, is what we have here. Blatant racism which has no consequences because of his skin colour. No that argument can&#8217;t even be made anymore because of this. So my guess is that, this racism is being ignored, because of the corruption which is so deeply embedded in the institutions of our country, that rot and decay would likely be found in the bone marrow of our leaders.)He also wrote that the DA agent Ngwenya and other house nigger sellouts , such as Cyril Ramaphosa and Mmusi Maimane, needed to be engaged with as sinners .Mngxitama and his party will begin 2017 by continuing their fight to retrieve the R26 billion Mngxitama has alleged was stolen from government by Rupert and other businesspeople more than 20 years ago.(Ignoring the millions and billions of rands stolen by the current government, to focus on money stolen from the Apartheid government.)Source: TheCitizen